#207 Implementation Guidance for all concepts (#232)
ga4gh/cat-vrs: docs/source/concepts/Constraints/DefiningAlleleConstraint.rst

     - residueAlphabet
   * - Genomic DNA
     - :ref:`Canonical Allele <CanonicalAllele>`
     - genomic
     - na
   * - RNA
     -
     - RNA
     - na
   * - mRNA
     -
     - mRNA
     - na
   * - Protein
     - :ref:`Protein Sequence Consequence <ProteinSequenceConsequence>`
     - protein
     - aa

relations
#########

The *relations* attribute is optional and is a :ref:`MappableConcept`, meaning that it should be
represented using a term from a defined ontology. Relation terms describe how *members* of a :ref:`Categorical Variant <CategoricalVariant>` relate to the Defining :ref:`Allele`.

.. note:: *relations* **are not** definitional and thus do not alter the scope of the Categorical Variant's definition. In other words, they do not restrict or expand which variants satisfy the Categorical Variant's constraints. However, they **are** definitional for some :ref:`Recipes <Recipes>`.

The following relation terms are some to consider using with this Constraint, depending on the ``Allele`` molecule type represented and which :ref:`Recipe(s) <Recipes>` you intend to satisfy:

.. include:: ../../_includes/_guidance_ga4gh_gks_term_warning.rst

genomic
=======

> If you are modeling a genomic ``Allele``, members may be **the Defining Allele itself**, a **liftover of** the Defining Allele on another reference genome, an RNA or mRNA ``Allele`` **transcribed from** the Defining Allele, or a protein ``Allele`` that is a **translation of** the Defining Allele.

Reviewer: To be consistent with the recommended coding name? 

```suggestion
If you are modeling a genomic ``Allele``, members may be **the Defining Allele itself**, the Defining Allele after **liftover to** another reference genome, an RNA or mRNA ``Allele`` **transcribed from** the Defining Allele, or a protein ``Allele`` that is a **translation of** the Defining Allele.
```

Author: Oops thank you!
